Generate HELM charts (#841)
dekorateio/dekorate: examples/helm-on-kubernetes-example/readme.md

> # Helm Example 

Reviewer: This `Helm example` content should be aligned with `NOTES.txt` content

Author: Done

- Chart.yaml
- values.yaml
- <chart name>-<chart version>-helm.tar.gz
- templates/*.yml the generated resources by Dekorate

How can we use it?

First, make sure you have installed [the Helm command line](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) and have connected into a cluster.

Then, run the following Maven command in order to generate the Helm artifacts and build/push the image into a container registry:

```shell
mvn clean package -Ddekorate.push=true -Ddekorate.docker.registry=<container registry url> -Ddekorate.docker.group=<your group>
```

This command will push the image into the container registry to be available for the cluster when deploying.

Finally, let's use Helm to deploy it into the cluster:

```shell
helm install helm-example ./target/classes/META-INF/dekorate/helm/<chart name>
```

The above command will use the default values file `values.yaml`, we can select a different values file by doing:

```shell
helm install helm-example ./target/classes/META-INF/dekorate/helm/<chart name> --values ./target/classes/META-INF/dekorate/helm/<chart name>/values.dev.yaml
```

How can we update my deployment?

- Via the `upgrade` option of Helm command line:

> After doing changes in your project, you would need to regenerate the resources using Dekorate:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After making changes to your project, you would need to regenerate the resources using Dekorate:
```

Author: Done

How can we use it?

> First, make sure you have installed [the Helm command line](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) and have connected into a cluster.

Reviewer: See previous comment

Author: Changed

helm install helm-example ./target/classes/META-INF/dekorate/helm/<chart name>
```

> The above command will use the default values file `values.yaml`, we can select a different values file by doing:

Reviewer: This is not clear. I suggest to say "To override the default values, part of the `values.yaml` file, pass as parameter you own value file `-f /path/to/the/file/values.dev.yaml` or set them using `--set key=val --set key=val ...`"

Author: Changed
